clarify requirements for GLSM connections and MR comments (#1797)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/deployment/connect-scm.md

2. Sign in to [Semgrep AppSec Platform](https://semgrep.dev/login).
3. Click **<i class="fa-solid fa-gear"></i> Settings > Source Code Managers > Add GitLab Cloud** and enter the personal access token generated into the **Access token** field.
4. Enter your GitLab group's name into the **Name of your GitLab Group** field. If your repositories are organized in subgroups, you only need to provide the name of the top-level group.

> 5. Optional, but recommended: if you have multiple GitLab groups in your GitLab account, create a source code manager per group. Repeat steps 1, 3-4 for each GitLab group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Optional, but recommended: if you have multiple top-level GitLab groups in your GitLab account, create a source code manager per group. Repeat steps 1, 3-4 for each GitLab group.
```

I wonder if this is more clear, since we mention top-level groups in step 3 also,.

Reviewer 2: I think what confuses me about the optional steps is, as a user, what would I gain from doing these optional steps?

> 6. The GitLab groups are now listed under **Source Code organizations**. Click **Test connection** to verify that the new integration is installed correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The GitLab groups are now listed under **Source code managers**. Click **Test connection** to verify that the new integration is configured correctly.
```
